     Some Git Commands That Are Not Used In This Task

     1) git init :-  
                     The git init command is used to initialize a new git repository .
		     This is the first command one should know to place a project 
		     under revision control .

     2)	git remote :-
                     The git remote command is used to connect your local repository to the 
		     remote server. This command allows you to create, view, and delete 
		     connections to other repositories. This command doesn't provide 
		     real-time access to repositories.

     3) git revert :-
                     The git revert command helps us to undo an existing commit. It does
		     not delete any data in this process , instead, Git will create new 
		     changes with the opposite effect .

     4) git config :-
                     The git config command is used initially to configure the user.name
		     and user.email . This specifies what email id and username will be 
		     used from a local repository.

     5) git stash :-
                     The git stash command can be used  when we want to save our work
		     without staging or committing the code to our Git repository and 
		     want to switch between branches.

     6) git rebase :-
                     The git rebase command is used to merge the history of two branches
		     on a repository. It is often used to integrate changes from one
                     branch onto another branch.

     7) git fetch :-
                     The git fetch command is used to downloads commits, files and other 
		     content from a remote repository into your local repo. Fetching is
		     done when we want to see what everybody else has been working on.

     8) git clean :-
                     The git clean command is a method for deleting untracked files in
		     a repo's working directory. Untracked files are those that are in
		     the repo's directory but have not yet been added to the repo's 
		     index with git add .

     9) git diff :-
                     The git diff command shows the differences between the files in 
		     two commits or between your current repository and a previous commit.

     10) git status:-
                     The git status command displays the state of the working directory 
		     and the staging area. It let us see which changes have been staged, 
		     which have not, and which files are not being tracked by Git.	
